[5251][ADD] purchase_order_delivery_note (#109)
qrtl/axls-custom: purchase_order_delivery_note/readme/CONTEXT.md

> This report is intended to be shared with the vendor as a delivery slip, alongside the
> purchase order. This allows the vendor to have the latest information about their
> delivery.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This report is shared with the vendor along with the purchase order and is intended to be used as a delivery slip.
In the past, they relied on vendor-issued delivery slips, but they often contained errors in item names or quantities.
By using this report instead, we aim to ensure more accurate deliveries and minimize discrepancies.
```
